The Joe Rogan experience.
What, what did that one doctor in the corner say about, uh.
Well, what did he say about the results.
I presented to him? 459 guys who had a 78% improvement in a year.
Okay. That was our 2009.
Turns into what is no improvement.
No improvement. Yeah. And so, and it wasn't a long presentation.
They only gave me like 20 minutes.
It was a three hour lecture I'd put into 20 minutes.
20 Minutes for you is like a couple of blinks, the average person, like.
So it was good. Right. But the one guy said he appreciates, uh, what did he say?
He was sitting in there closer to, yeah.
I appreciate it. Your willingness to work with people who needed help,
but he didn't believe a word you said.
Yeah. And there were like four or five docs that did that. Um, but that's fine.
Did you call them out on their motivations?
Um, at the end, I basically said, uh,
to my colleagues across the aisle or across the pond, um,
that if they continue on the paradigm that they're working,
they're going to have as many suicides as we have in the United States,
because there was no rationale. It was a psychiatrist.
What's the scientific evidence.
The psychiatrist used before he puts you on not you,
but puts a person on antidepressants. What's the science, there's none.
What's the objective science. You feel bad.
It's his perception. Yes, exactly. Here.
We have hard objective reproducible
clinical data. So I presented 459 cases.
We'll FLATE it out into age groups into what percentage of the people did best
are failures. I mean, we have failures. Our fairs are, um,
24 people out of 459 were due to their being on medication that
blocked our treatment.
There's certain medications we've learned what medications, um, one called, uh,
Gabapentin. Um, it, uh,
interrupts Gabba, which is extremely important for, uh, sleep.
So it's substitutes in, uh, did they put you on Gabapentin? No,
I don't believe so. Yeah. So I.
Didn't go in. What's the benefit of Gabapentin for.
Pain and for sleep, uh, for chronic pain and sleep.
That's what they're using it for.
But the surgeon general loved what he heard and we actually want him over.
We're going to do this big study in Birmingham, England look over 40.
Yours. So the surgeon general loved it. And who didn't the.
Well who had, um,
control of the military project at Imperial college?
The scientific advisors, scientific advisors.
Because, because you just throw a monkey wrench into the role of.
Their work when his name is Colonel a Colonel
Tim Hodgetts, that stood up.
Problem. Pardon? That's the guy who had the.
No, he loves what he does.
He's the surgeon general designated him to talk, uh, read, uh,
read was the surgeon general, uh, was the.
Shop towels to read. Yeah.
So.
Yeah, it feels like truth. Yep. Let's do it. So I bought this guy, he came in,
shut him up and said, we're doing this, we're doing it in Birmingham.
Really? So what I promoted to do is, um.
Since got shut down.
They shut us down. You know, they shut us down. Why they shut it down.
They came back afterwards, the advisors and worked,
however they worked at and got, got them to agree that we.
Shouldn't be the summit from the America's coming over.
This is not always the case in the movie where you have these like stiff
British intellectuals who just don't buy all this new research
and they do whatever they can to stop it.
Yeah. We ultimately in real time, yes. Do you know.
Story, those kinds of stereotypes.
Do know the story of ink or, um, uh, what his name, he was, uh,
just dropped his last name. Anyway.
He was at the first OB hospital in Austria.
And, um,
Semmelweiss is his last name Semmelweiss he was a obstetrician gynecologist.
And during that time they would go from cadaver dissection into doing
vaginal exams on these pregnant women getting ready to deliver.
And they had a very high occurrence of what's called crib death where the they
die because they didn't understand.
At that time they didn't have cottage POS postulate that they were transferring
infectious agents from the cadaver, because the 17 hundreds,
they didn't wash their hands. So Zimmer vice what he did. He says, ah,
let's put lemon juice and a lie together and we'll wash our hands.
And he took a 20% death rate down to less than 1%.
And he did a thesis on this and presented it to the first obstetrician,
all gynecological hospital in Austria.
And what they did was they refuted his results. Why,
if they admitted that what he was doing,
all it took was washing the hands because what did they say during those times
it was God's will, it was God's will the reason why the person died.
And it was also admit that they were doing things wrong.
They didn't want to acknowledge the fact that here's a guy,
that's an unknown guy. I'm unknown. I don't have credentials. Like these people,
we went up against and he was able to solve the
problem, but they refuted it. Okay.
Like Admiral small and very small from the British Admiralty.
He's the one who treated the first nutritional illness called scurvy.
But it took 50 years for the Admiralty to recognize it because they don't want
to believe it took. That's how they got the name limeys. They didn't, you know,
all you need is vitamin C in order to avoid scurvy.
So the doctors were in limeys comes from that's right.
Go look it up. Wow. Yeah, it's in my book, my first book,
interventional endocrinology.
I talked about these cases because they talk about the paradigms
and how difficult it is to get one generation of medical caregivers to
change what they've been indoctrinated in and fixated on to something more
modern that maybe solves a problem that they weren't able to, uh,
resolve.
So it would be admitting that what I'd been doing all this time has been wrong.
If I don't wash my hands. Right. And I can't take that heat,
I become the culprit now wasn't God's.
Right.
And then you become responsible for all those deaths that occurred during your
treatment. That's right.
Yeah.
And that's part of what I think is motivating a lot of the resistance
there, the science is there. We're seeing it.
State side, just as much it's ego. Right.
And then it's also influenced from the pharmaceutical companies.
If I had, um, a Harvard degree or if I had a Stanford,
I had some of the other degrees behind my name instead of just MD.
If you see K uh, what would happen is they might listen to me, you know,
one of the, um, or you might have a different worldview, uh, correct. I'd say,
oh, screw it. Right. Let it be, uh, one of the,
um, one of our admirals rear admirals that, uh,
was been with us for about eight years,
connect me with another Admiral who got me to the Fort Dietrich
army medical research and development group to share with them what we're
doing. And they were interested in it,
but they didn't understand it because they asked me,
where's the antidepressants, where are the anti-anxiety medications?
They're looking for maintaining the status quo.
The only way we're going to improve this is for people to open up and look at
the science and say, huh, I didn't know about this.
Catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free. Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan express.